\input texinfo   @c -*-texinfo-*-
@setfilename nostr-nomad.info
@settitle Nostr-Nomad Documentation

@node Top
@top nostr-nomad

@menu
* Introduction::
* Requirements::
* Using the tool::
* Thanks::
@end menu

@node Introduction
@chapter Introduction

This tool allows users to migrate content from @strong{Substack} to @strong{Nostr}.
For a CLI manual, run 'make man'.

@node Requirements
@chapter Requirements

To generate documentation using 'make', you need to install @strong{Texinfo} and @strong{TeX}:

@strong{Ubuntu/Debian}:
@example
sudo apt install texinfo texlive -y
@end example

Additionally, you will need @strong{Python 3} (version 3.11.x) and its dependencies. The tool will automatically install its dependencies within a virtual environment when you set up the project.

@node Using the tool
@chapter Using the tool

Follow these steps to set up and run the project:

@section Clone the repository

@example
git clone XXXXX.git nostr-nomad
cd nostr-nomad
@end example

@section Provide Substack export

Place your Substack export data (`.zip` file) into the `export/` folder in the project directory.  
This will allow the tool to process the data correctly.

@section Run the tool

Run the following command in the project's root directory:

@example
make
@end example

This will:
@enumerate
@item Create and activate the virtual environment (stored in the `env` folder).
@item Execute the main script.
@item Generate the documentation: `README.md` and place all other generated documentation in the `build_docs` directory.
@end enumerate

After running `make`, the tool will process the provided Substack export data and generate the desired outputs automatically *(TBD what output is)*.

@section Clean up

To remove generated files, you can use the `make clean` command.

This will:
@enumerate
@item Remove the virtual environment.
@item Clean up generated documentation.
@item Clear cache files like Python bytecode and other temporary data.
@end enumerate

@node Thanks
@chapter Thanks

Thanks for using nostr-nomad!

@bye
